(The hallway camera beside a waiting room is back again!)
HeeJin: Hello!
HeeJin: I'm going to do the first stage performance of "ViViD" today!
HeeJin: I never imagined that I'd perform my song 'ViViD' on the stage.
(There's one more surprise for HeeJin!)
(The unreleased video, which was shot before she debuted with a song 'ViViD'!!)
HeeJin: Ah~ oh my...
HeeJin: It was kind of shocking, actually~
HeeJin: I want to sink through the floor!!
(Even she doesn't remember that she did this!)
HeeJin: When was it filmed?!
HeeJin: I can't remember it!
(HeeJin, the very first member and founder of LOOΠΔ, has grown up a lot during last some years!)
HeeJin: I said that 'I'm HeeJin, who loves to work hard and diligently!'
HeeJin: Wow...
HeeJin: I looked like that...
HeeJin: Ah...
HeeJin: Wow....
HeeJin: Anyways, I'm so honored to be able to perform "ViViD" on a stage today.
HeeJin: I'll continue to show you a better side of me~
HeeJin: And it's the first time to perform as the whole group of LOOΠΔ, right~
HeeJin: Since we really prepared hard for this event,
HeeJin: we hope you really like it~
HeeJin: This was HeeJin of LOOΠΔ~
HeeJin: Thank you~~